Bump v1.3.1 (#1036)
pingcap/tiup: CHANGELOG.md

TiUP Changelog

## [1.3.1] 2020.12.31

### Fixes

> - Workaround the issue that store IDs in PDs are not monotonically assigned ([#1011](https://github.com/pingcap/tiup/pull/1011), [@AstroProfundis](https://github.com/AstroProfundis))

Reviewer: It's better to note when would the PD report non-monotonical store IDs, as it's not a very common circumstance to occur.

>   - For tiup < v1.2.1, the command `tiup cluster display` may detete store (without confirm) by mistake since this issue (high risk)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For tiup < v1.2.1, the command `tiup cluster display` may delete store (without confirm) by mistake due to this issue (high risk)
```

>   - For tiup >= v1.2.1 and <= v1.3.0, the command `tiup cluster display` may display `up` stores as `tombstone`, and encourages the user to detete them with the command `tiup cluster prune` (medium risk)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For tiup >= v1.2.1 and <= v1.3.0, the command `tiup cluster display` may display `up` stores as `tombstone`, and encourages the user to delete them with the command `tiup cluster prune` (medium risk)
```
